so the first thing I've done for the
kauffman sure is I've buttered the bread
with some butter toasted it until it's
golden brown on one side so what I'm
gonna do next I'm gonna flip it over and
they add a little bit of mustard smear
it just over the bread I'm using or be a
quality assured precooked sliced ham and
of course you can cook your own ham this
is lovely it's delicious very convenient
and this is what I love about a sandwich
like this it's so tasty we would make
this regularly in the restaurant two
slices of the ham and then lots of the
cheese sprinkle it all over so the
cheese is just a nice mature cheddar
cheese and it's just pregrated now this
needs to go back onto the griddle to
melt and this just takes a minute
have your grill unfold so while it's on
its gonna talk to you about what I'm
gonna put on the very top of the be
sure and it's a bechamel and the
ingredients in the bechamel are very
very easy probably the first sauces I
ever made as a chef so you have equal
quantities of butter and flour would you
do is cook them out you make a roux and
then you add in some milk am using full
fat milk Innis and then the last thing I
put in is a little bit of nutmeg
so I works really well in the sandwich
cook it all together until it becomes
nice and thick and you keep whisking it
so there's no lumps and this can be done
ahead I put a little bit of cheese into
this also so again it enriches it and
it's delicious
also with this a very simple salad so
this is just some grated carrot some
fresh carrot so it's full of goodness
which is already pre grated and you can
see I've used the course end of the
grater so peel your carrots create them
a little bit of beetroot now I'm using
some raw beetroot or you can use some
cooked beetroot in this doesn't really
matter so this goes into our dish and
also some red onion
so slice the red onion everything goes
in here this gives a lovely interest in
texture but also vinegar kind of like a
sharp taste and this what I have here is
some gherkin couldn't to lit the strip's
so a lovely little pickle a little bit
of gherkin goes in there and I love
radish and wood radishes thinly sliced
like this you know you can have this
done again just place this in
gonna mix this all together with some
toasted sesame seeds and then I have a
small little dress in mid and in the
dressing I have some olive oil with a
squeeze of lemon juice and some salt and
pepper don't overdress it just a couple
of spoonfuls of this we put a pinch of
salt and a pinch of pepper into this and
then just mix this really well just go
right down to the bottom so that's that
ready to go lovely and colorful remember
you eat with your eyes but it's all
about the taste so I just kind of check
in the sandwich it should be ready the
next layer is to go on and then the
bechamel sauce now so after a couple of
minutes the cheese is lovely golden
brown nice and bubbly
so now define the stage is that piece
that I took off the tray so I wanted to
catch it's buttered and toasted that
goes on top and then our bechamel so a
couple of spoons of this smear it down
doesn't matter who falls down the side
it's the whole idea just delicious
I don't ill actually protect the top of
the bread that's gonna take a minute or
two let's golden brown and it's gonna be
ready to be served so after a minute or
two on to the grill it's beautiful and
golden brown smells delicious just be
careful it's extremely hot using a fish
nice just lift it off and the cheese
will catch don't worry about that I'm
just gonna cut it in wedges you can just
pull one there and one kind of resting
just on top like that and then we got to
serve our salad one last mix and then
plenty of this here big pile of this and
I love serving something on wood it
looks really good so pilot nice and high
with the salad and that I think is just
a real family favors has to cook me sure
with the carrot and beetroot salad
and remember always choose food with the
board be equality mark so that you know
where your food comes from and that has
been produced to the highest or beer
quality standards